Cornelia “Lia” O’Nest

Backstory

Cuckoos are known as a brood paratie, that means: When they are ready to lay their eggs, they look for other birds nests, they wait until the momma bird leave, then the Cuckoo pushes out the birds own eggs and replaces them with its own, then it leaves and never returns. The bird who build the nesthatches the Cuckoos eggs, takes care of the babies, thinking it’s her own, until they are big enough to leave the nest…

Genasis are similar in nature… they’re not family people, should they accidentally have a kid they feel nothing for them, they leave them for someone else to raise and look after.

Lia was taken in and raised by her druid circle, looking a little different than most, but blessed with magic from birth, walking in the shoes of druids came natural… or.. Almost.

Though magic came natural, she wasn’t born to be a druid. Changing into her wildshapes turned out to be more difficult than anticipated. It was tough to keep up with the other kids and teen when growing up and as the years went by it just became embarrassing, never really turned out the way she wanted.

Lia is kind and full of good intentions, though no matter how good her intentions were things never really turned out well. Helping out old mrs. Cabbernath with her potions, she managed to acidentally mix the wrong things and almost blew off the roof of her hut. When trying to scare poachers out of the forrest, she managed to get caught in a snare and gave away the druids position, giving them very little time to prepare themselves for a fight, she hung upside down while her circle protectors just managed drive the poachers away, though out the woods, the poachers managed to catch an owlbear cub (can be a different animal) - one in a longer line of rare and magical animals kidnapped from the woods they lived in and protected.

The circle members were getting tired of Lias continues mistakes and asked to to leave to “find” herself, though she knew they just wished to be rid of her… so she left.

Potential wishes going forward:

Does she have living parents somewhere?

Maybe she could find and free the rare and magical animals taken from the woods she use to call home?

Were the woods really her true home or is there somewhere out there, where she’d actually fit in?

Collection of herbals

Valerian root - used to ease insomnia, anxiety, and nervous restlessness

White Willow bark - treatment of pain (particularly low back pain and osteoarthritis), headache, and inflammatory conditions, such as bursitis and tendinitis.

Aloe Vera - Skin injuries.

Wild lettuce (Lactuca virosa) - Pain relief and induce sleep.

Opium poppy - Pain relieve on crackcan you

Ginger root - A herb for easing nausea and motion sickness

Ramson Plant - wild garlic,cleanse the blood vessels, dissolving plaque cholesterol and normalize blood pressure

Wildshape Tablet

Party Members

Eldan - Rouge - Jan

Martin - Fighter? - James

Session 1

Help Alfonse Big Al Kalazorn, his ranch has been attacked by orcs.

Went to a herbalist to get some healingpotions, she was getting attacked by Manticores. We kicked their butss and spoke with the herbalist woman. - believes in the god of agriculture Shantay

We find a boar that turned into an orc, he worships the god Talos, we killed him

Session 2