Rue Redistuo

Backstory: Changeling named Fallax from The Nexus, who works as a corrupt spy, went to Eshar to give birth to its child. Then fallax did a little switcheroo with a village family's baby, knowing Fallax couldn’t take care of the child itself, fallax also being a sorcerer used a spell to leave a “tattoo” with its name on the child's wrist, invisible till it’s up age. The family didn’t like their grey baby girl and named her Rue. Growing up was hard for Rue and the husband and wife marriage. Rue was a changeling, thinking she was just a weird-looking human, but one afternoon she got into a fight with one of her “siblings” and accidentally turned in to the spitting image of him, in range her new dad killed her sibling thinking it was her, while calling her a witch, not knowing better, swore to find her and kill her as she started to run away. Rue fled from the family and through her journey to the capital of Eshar discovers her changeling powers. One night, still hiding in the woods near the capital, she sees 5 horsemen in an opening in the woods, there's a female with her hands tied together, she doesn’t know what’s going on, she's too far away, but they end up cutting the young girl's throat before leaving. After they’ve left, Rue goes close.. She puts on the human female clothes and takes her form. She buries the girl, feeling relieved she now looks as the person she feels like she is… a human female. Being hungry and lonely she wandered into the capital on Eshar, looking for food. With no money comes no food, she ended up on the streets, sitting in the corners, hoping someone would throw her some food. One day a similar-aged male talked by, lent her a hand and took her some with a promise of food, shelter and work, this was Alex. Alex taught her about magic, which seemed to come quite naturally to her. They grew close and looked after each other. Alex’s parents were not nice to him, so they didn’t have any other than each other. One night he woke her up, panicked, he explained something was wrong, that his parents weren't his real parents, he’d had a weird feeling for a while, one day to the other they’d just changed, but he saw these monsters in grey skin and dark eyes, he described her… Rues heart dropped as she got dragged out of bed, Alex was running with a knife and for the door, he tried to stab one of his parents, but failed and got knocked out, Rue managed to push one away and drag Alex out the house. She hid him, got a horse and started fleeing with him… He later woke up and told her about this monster school, he wanted to kill them, this was the only way..

Inspiration point: 2