Eloise “Cove” - Shadar-Kai - Rouge/caster?

Born into a rich family

During a family business trip over seas, her family ship was flanked by pirates, they took everything of value and left the family and crew with the clothes on their body - During the take-over Elosise got scared and hid in a barrel, a barrel that was moved to the pirateship, she was 3 at the time.

Eloise was discovered by the captain of the ship a day later, she introduced herself as “Miss Rosletta” - She named Eloise “Cove” and decided to take the child under her wing. Welcomed her onboard the Black Swan.

Cove grew up thinking she was born into the life of a pirate, she was taught to steal, fight, sail and navigate a ship.

Cove became Miss Roslettas first mate and helped weigh in on decision. A decision she was against was cooperating with a different gang on pirates in order to make the biggest score of any of the Black Swans crew members carre - The target was a royal ship roumered to carry more treasure than any pirate had ever seen

Roumer turned out to have been made by Rosetta to set up a doublecross to get rid of the rival pirate gang

The two pirate gangs hit the royal ship which turned out to me more of a military ship, the black swan withdrew last min and sailed away while the rival gang fought the royal ship

Not knowing what happened with the rival pirate gang, the Black Swan sailed to the rival gang’s lair and stole any treasure they’d hid away

Cove felt blindsided by her Captain, and tried to explain the dangers of what had just happened, they’d showed their face and colors to a royal ship, they’d screwed over a dangerous rival gang not knowing if they’d survived or not, they’d unnecessarily made a lot of enemies in a short amount of time.

The crew was conflicted and started seeing things from Coves perspective, which Miss Rosletta didn’t like.

To assert er dominance and ern back the respect of her crew, Miss Rosetta branded Cove on the left shoulderblade with the Black Swans initials, property of the gang, authorities would be able to recognizer her, she’d have no other place to go - Then Miss Rosetta decided it was best to lay love, sell the ship and stay on land for a while, use their newfound treasure to buy a hideout in the nearest harbour and wait and see if someone should come looking or take out the now sold Black Swan.

Cove ran away not long after that, trying to leave the pirate life behind

Knives: Still got a family out there she doesn’t remember, beef with rival pirate gang, beef with Black Swan gang for leaving, gang known by authorities

Emerlin Reeves - Half Elf - Rouge/Fighter

Once upon a time, a baker named Emily and a blacksmith named Challas fell in love, dreaming of a large family with both boys and girls.

Though they weren’t wealthy, they lived comfortably. Soon, they welcomed their first child, a boy named Emmet. A year later came Ethan, and the following year, another boy, Elias. As the years passed, the three boys grew up, while their parents continued to hope for a daughter.

When the eldest was nearly a teenager, Emily and Challas were finally blessed with a girl, Emerlin. Their home was happy, but the parents’ attention often focused on Emerlin. The boys loved their sister but began to feel the absence of their parents’ affection.

As they grew older, the boys took on chores, gathering firewood, moving flour, and helping their father at the blacksmith’s. Emerlin, meanwhile, played and had fun, with few responsibilities. Resentment grew among the brothers.

By the time Emerlin reached young adulthood, the boys openly resented her—not for who she was, but because their parents seemed to adore her without requiring much from her, while they had to work hard for the family.

One evening, the boys suggested a night out at the tavern to celebrate Ethan’s birthday. They promised to look after Emerlin, but it was a lie. They took her to the harbor and sold her to a ship looking for someone to assist the cook. Late that night, they told their parents she’d been taken and that they’d done all they could to save her. Broken-hearted, their parents wept, and seeing their pain, the boys felt terrible—but it was too late to undo.

The ship Emerlin was sold to turned out to be a pirate vessel. She started in the kitchen, scrubbing floors and sharpening weapons, but soon grew close to a young crew member named Noah, who taught her to fight with a rapier. She became part of the crew, joining in on drinking, fighting, and sharing stories.

For a time, they sailed and plundered freely, targeting noble ships, trading vessels, and even other pirates. But one day, they encountered a better-armed pirate crew. Most of her comrades were killed, and the last thing she saw before falling into the water was Noah fending off an attacker.

Emerlin eventually washed ashore near a small fishing village. She took odd jobs to survive, hoping other crewmates might also have survived—especially Noah. Alone and longing to see them again, she set off for nearby coastal towns, hoping to find any familiar face. Along her journey, she met (Frodo’s character), who became a close friend and travel companion.

Knives:

Illya - Tiefling - Bard

Parents are scholars

She’s got a talented sister, both went to the same school - Sister has always exceeded in the arts of music, Illya can play the violin and that’s about it.

Sister graduated with honor and became a famous singer and musician, parents very proud

Illya just managed to graduate, parents pretend she doesn’t exist

Illya is close with her sister and her sister is really the only reason she managed to ge through school

Then what? / not done

For Vicious Mockery:

Roses are red, violets are blue, it’s starting to smell like fish - oh it’s just you.

Roses are red, violets are blue, the gods created beautiful creatures, what happened to you?