Mascha Huxley

Name: Mascha Huxley

Mech: Aaela V.2

Background: PHD in Bioengineering

Points: 0

Backstory:

Mascha and Aala were born in the vibrant city X. Parents were poor and spent a lot of time working. Her dad was a mechanic and mom a nurse at a hospital for the poor and homeless, her mom basically lived at the hospital and was very disconnected from the family. Maschas parents were very busy and not home much, they were looked after by their almost blind grandmother who lived with the family in a small apartment. Aala would always struggle with infections, she was always tired and enjoyed staying inside, doing stuff that didn’t require too much of her since she’d also bruise easily.

Mascha and Aala spend a lot of time playing around with robots, building them, painting them, all out of scrap metal from their dad's garage. Aala was 14 and Mascha 19, when Mascha one day returned home from uni, to find her sister missing. After calling around, she found out Aala was at the hospital where her mom worked. The hospital was overfilled and she was in a bed in a hallway, she had passed out at home, examinations showed she had leukemia and it was discovered very late unfortunately. Mascha was broken and started investing more and more time in the improvement of the human body, hoping to develop a solution for Aala to continue living, the doctors gave Aala about year to live, her family didn’t have the money to get her any kind of advanced treatment and the hospital could only extend her life a little.

The next two years Mascha spent in a fancier clinic owned by the SSC, where she had gotten an apprenticeship through the university, based on her stellar grades and interest in human development through technology.

Time was not on their side and one day, after two years, Mascha turned up to an empty bed at the hospital. Aala had passed away during the night. The funeral was.. Empty, minial.. Her parents split not long after and left Mascha to care for her grandmother.

One day on her way home from the SSC clinic she found a scruffy streetdog, it had been hit by a car, it was in pain but alive. She turned around and brought him to the clinic, she spent all afternoon and night saving  his life. The dog survived, she spent months working on it afterwards, helping the dog reconver, creating the perfect cyborg dog, she called him Kato, meaning All-knowing in latin. Kato slowly became more and more advanced, Kato ended up becoming final project during uni, earning her a PHD in Bioengineering. Shortly after that she was offered a job at the SSC where she started working. She was obsessed with improving and extending human life and it was here she’d really stepped away from following the doctor's oaths, she experimented on people who were desperate, poor and basically had no other choice. Advanced robotic prosthetics, mechanical organs, chips in brains that restores hearing and much more… Desperate to prevent losing anyone the way she lost her sister.

The job paid well, enough for a comfortable life with her grandmother, but as she started working on a new project, the Vasana System, another doctor by the name Ajax started showing interest in her and her work. He was a charming, good looking guy and very convincing when he wanted something. As she was working on the project he’d be the one to push things further, push her to get someone else to care for her grandmother so she could spend more time on the project, he pushed the human trials and he pushed her to start breaking her doctor's oath… They conducted human trials before even getting permission to...Ajax was obsessed, obsessed with her and what she could achieve with the system, but the affair didn’t last long, during a human trial things became ugly.

Upon connecting the Vasana System to a group of unwilling test subjects, they instantly connected to the Omninet and began downloading and projecting horrific images through augmented reality. It retransmitted the echoes of humanity before the collapse -- all the horrible proofs of man’s inhumanity to man. The visions were burned into her mind, and the sounds and screams were drilled into her ears. Realising what she's done she desperately tried to destroy anything to do with the vasana system, all her work… Ajax tried to stop her and it ended out in a fight between them, during the fighe chemicals were pushed on the ground, a fire was accidentally created and the lab started burning, Mascha ran out as the lab exploded and she hoped and wished her work did too….

She returned home that night with a jerry can full of petrol with the intent of burning down everything in her home that was connected to her work. Before pouring fuel all over her belongings she packed a bag with the small little robots she had built with Aala, some clothes, family pictures, small med-kit, Katos toys, food, anything essential. She then fell over a timed lock box that she had received some time ago, when she opened it, it was a recruitment letter stating she should cast aside her identity and join Arcana Blue. This sounded like the perfect new start, away from the SSC, so she burned her home down and ventured off to join Arcana Blue.

Coming into Arcana Blue felt like a greasy start, as far as she understood she’d been hired on the background of her school qualifications, her work with the Vasana system was classified so they couldn’t know… right?

Being a pilot was a new experience, a new challenge and it was difficult, but Tower was a good and inspiring leader, so she began to get the hang of how things worked. She didn’t know much about who the team members were and chit chat never got deep or personal, always very professional but it was good being part of something. First three missions went well and even though she was educated within medicine she felt like she’d contributed to the team and proven herself as a decent mech pilot.

Coming up to the mission with the team (later known as judgment) she never really understood why she’d had to babysit them, she wasn’t the best mech pilot on Arcana Blue but perhaps it was a way to prove her worth to Tower? However…the team was friendly and was openly talking about their past, what they dream about, why they do the things they do and even though they’re a team they don’t blindly follow someone’s orders… they’re like a family, they brought up a familiar feeling, a feeling she use to cherish and when dreamer got ill, it made her heart skip a beat and for once in a long time she remembered how Aalas sickness made her feel and she was worried, so she did her best to try look after her, make sure she’d be okay, somehow it felt like she was redeeming herself for failing to save her sister and that’s when she realized she started to feel more at home with these… strangers… than she’d ever felt during her time with Arcana Blue.

These conflicting feelings led her to attempt to lie to Tower after getting beat up by Nori, even though it felt bad… after all Tower did give her a fresh start on life… he did teach her to become a mech pilot and he had always been good to her…but she didn’t want the people hurt that reminded her of home and Tower could never know about the Vasana System… even worse.. find out she’d developed it.

She realized her attempt at lying to Tower had failed and her she accepted her punishment, fought the lesser battles, afterall she owed it to Tower… until she received the encrypted message from Hermit… as much as Tower had been good to her, she now realized that it was for all the wrong reasons.. if he knew about the Vasana System… how many others did? It pushed her to run off.. leave her mech named Aala after her sister behind and join her newfound friends at Judgment inc.

Nori was the scariest man she’d ever run into, it was scary how he could just turn on his friends as easily as he did. She could understand that as much as she needed the Vasana System gone, he needed it in the spotlight, to prove how evil the SSC was…. Even though it was her work… her evilness…. He was desperate and she could understand his frustration when she deleted the files. He could have killed her, there and then, but he beat her, he clearly wanted her to suffer before ending it with a grenade, that was what scared her the most… So when she saw him again on the big screen, while having a drink with the team, she panicked, she knew eventually they’d run into him again.

She was happy being at Judgment inc. she felt like she belonged somewhere, however she was having a hard time with trust, she’d been let down one time too many, by her parents when they just left… They made it look so easy, by Ajax when she didn’t want to continue with the Vasana System and with Tower.. knowing her recruitment  was to get hands on her project rather than her skills as a doctor…

As time went on they eventually ran into Arcana Blue again, another stress factor, she never really announced to anyone she left, she just  did, knowing it might have consequences further down the line… However when the team returned from their mission she'd not come along and announced that Tower was now gone she felt… guilty. Tower might have only been interested in the Vasana System, however he could have captured her, hurt her, forced her hand to gain it, but instead he gave her an opportunity, a fresh star… As much as he didn’t just act out of kindness, he still wasn’t the enemy and he never had been… Consumed with guilt, Mascha held on to the small possibility that he might still be out there, that he might have survived the explosion, so she started searching for him, hoping she could pick up a trace of him, she just wanted to redeem herself, save his life, give him a second chance, just as he had her… Make sure he’s safe, then drop him off somewhere for him to live his life… She needs to do something right, just for once, for once just save someone...

Her plan to save Tower came to a pause when they found out there was a spy on the Iceberg, so she tried her best to find out who that might be. She found encrypted messages going out from the ship, but instead of sharing the details with the team her distrust got the better of her and she kept it to herself. She did end up sharing the details with Eva to gain access to her research that might help her find Tower.

Later on, the fight against Nori was terrifying, especially when he turned to her during the battle and wanted to end what he’d started in the lab. Afraid of the pain, she entered a 1 on 1 combat with one of his henchmen to protect herself from him...

Simone Chase?

Dave Castro?

Village on fire on maga?