Nora House of Ezra - 2/10

Changeling, Inquisitive Rouge

Backstory:

Two’s dad is a power-mad man, he dreamt about creating his own little empire of assassins and thieves. He dreamt of riches and power. His name is Ezra. He created what became known as The House Of Ezra, seducing the women of the land like a sailor with a girlfriend in every harbour and eventually taking away the kids that were born for his own little empire.

The children that were born would be trained by Ezra’s right hand Amir, who is an elite assassin. The children would be tested and ranked and at the age of 18, only the top 10 would be kept. In their early teenage years, the kids that turned out to not be changelings, but were doing well in training would help raise the youngest ones, if not killed.

At the age of 18: the top 10, would receive the name as a number 1-10. Two was good, almost the best, so she earned the name Two. Two was close with One, they shared a bedroom and practised/studied and often went on missions together. They were best friends.

Two was sent on a mission alone, she was told to assassinate a woman with the name Katarina….. Katarina turned out the be a little girl, about 6 years of age, she was a bastard of a wealthy man, the woman was his mistress and was going to ruin his reputation with the kid. Two had never killed a child before and as she stood over the child’s bed with a dagger in her hand, she found herself unable to carry out the mission… She returned to the house, reported the mission as failed. She was punished, whipped in front of her siblings, one for every gold coin she’d cost Ezra for failing. She was then given 3 days to recover before the next mission, but she’d had enough. That night she asked One to run away with her, but One was loyal to their dad and threatened to tell him. Two managed to knock him out before making her escape in the dark of the night.

She moved for days, scared to rest, scared to be found. She took the shape of what looked to be just a simple human farmer girl and decided to stick to this form, making sure her shoulder was always covered, for no one to see, to keep her safe. She’s always on edge and is now looking for a place, a place where she doesn’t have to look over her shoulder, safety…This is when she took the name Nora, she no longer wished to be Two, she no longer wished to be a changeling, she didn’t want to be anything like her dad… Her new burning wish was to get the tattoo removed,  but it has been created by complicated magic..

Knives:

Dad, Ezra

One, the beloved sibling who would have stabbed her in the back

Amir, dads right hand

Hidden race

Extra:

She will feel physical pain, like a burning iron to the skin, when one of her siblings die and the tattoo changes.

Description:

Short white/blond hair, light blue/grey eyes, human, little smaller than the average human. She got a tattoo that is permanently visible through her transformations, it will always be on her back shoulder blade. It’s the number 2/10. She will always have this covered though. Whenever one of her siblings dies, she’ll feel like her shoulder is on fire for a short amount of time and the number will decrease ie. 2/9, 2/8 - 1/8.